 ITEM 7A.QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Foreign Currency Risk 

We transact business globally in multiple currencies and hence have foreign currency risks related to our revenue, costs of revenue, operating expenses and localized subsidiary debt denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar (primarily the Chinese yuan, euro, Canadian dollar and Norwegian krone in relation to our current year operations). In general, we are a net receiver of currencies other than the U.S. dollar for our foreign subsidiaries. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates affect our revenue and other operating results as expressed in U.S. dollars as we do not typically hedge foreign currency risk. 

We have also experienced, and will continue to experience, fluctuations in our net income as a result of gains (losses) on the settlement and the re-measurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies that are not the local currency (primarily consisting of our intercompany and cash and cash equivalents balances). 

&#160; 

We considered the historical trends in foreign currency exchange rates and determined that it is reasonably possible that adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 10% for all currencies could be experienced in the near-term. These changes were applied to our total monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than our local currencies at the balance sheet date to compute the impact these changes would have had on our net income before income taxes. These changes would have resulted in a gain or loss of $277 million at December 31, 2021 and $8 million at December 31, 2020 assuming no foreign currency hedging. 

Interest Rate Risk 

We are exposed to interest rate risk on our borrowings that bear interest at floating rates. Pursuant to our risk management policies, in certain cases, we utilize derivative instruments to manage some of this risk. We do not enter into derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. A hypothetical 10% change in interest rates on our floating rate debt would have increased or decreased our interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 by $2 million and $4 million, respectively. 

&#160; 

