 ITEM 3.LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

For a description of our material pending legal proceedings, please see Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies , to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

In addition, each of the matters below is being disclosed pursuant to Item 103 of Regulation S-K because it relates to environmental regulations and aggregate civil penalties that we currently believe could potentially exceed $1 million. We believe that any proceeding that is material to our business or financial condition is likely to have potential penalties far in excess of such amount. 

The German Umweltbundesamt has issued our subsidiary in Germany a notice and fine in the amount of 12 million euro alleging its non-compliance under applicable laws relating to market participation notifications and take-back obligations with respect to end-of-life battery products required thereunder. In response to Tesla&#8217;s objection, the German Umweltbundesamt issued Tesla a revised fine notice dated April 29, 2021 in which it reduced the original fine amount to 1.45 million euro. This is primarily relating to administrative requirements, but Tesla has continued to take back battery packs, and although we cannot predict the outcome of this matter, including the final amount of any penalties, we filed a new objection in June 2021 and it is not expected to have a material adverse impact on our business. 

In April 2021, we received a notice from the Environmental Protection Agency (the &#8220;EPA&#8221;) alleging that Tesla failed to provide records demonstrating compliance with certain requirements under the applicable National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants under the Clean Air Act of 1963, as amended, relating to Surface Coating of Automobiles and Light-Duty Trucks regulations. Tesla has responded to all information requests from the EPA and refutes the allegations. Tesla continues to cooperate with the EPA in resolving this matter, and it is not currently expected to have a material adverse impact on our business. 

District attorneys in certain California counties are conducting an investigation into Tesla's waste segregation practices pursuant to Cal. Health &#38; Saf. Code section 25100 et seq. and Cal. Civil Code &#167; 1798.80. Tesla has implemented various remedial measures, including conducting training and audits, and enhancements to its site waste management programs. While the outcome of this matter cannot be determined at this time, it is not currently expected to have a material adverse impact on our business. 

